Add Geas (#69)
drobakowski/awesome-erlang: README.md

* [Concuerror](https://github.com/parapluu/Concuerror) - Concuerror is a systematic testing tool for concurrent Erlang programs.
* [eflame](https://github.com/proger/eflame) - A Flame Graph profiler for Erlang.

> * [geas](https://github.com/crownedgrouse/geas) - Geas is a tool that will detect the runnable official Erlang release window for your project, including dependancies, and give many useful informations.

Reviewer: Hi @crownedgrouse, thanks allot for your PR! The description does have a typo, see `dependancies` vs. `dependencies`. What do you think about this little optimization:
```suggestion
* [geas](https://github.com/crownedgrouse/geas) - Geas is a tool that will detect the runnable official Erlang release window for your project, including its dependencies and provides many useful informations.
```
